detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a drama thriller film called
the crush which is based on a true story
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care after getting a
new job 28 year old writer nick elliott
moves to a new city
though he goes apartment hunting he
doesn't have any luck with finding the
perfect place for him
as he drives he almost hits 14 year old
adrian forrester a pretty and precocious
girl who is rollerblading on the street
nick instantly hits the break and in
response adrian nonchalantly looks at
him before going back to her house
nick talks to adrian's mother liv about
the sign he saw out front and asks if
the guesthouse is still available
liv is more than happy to show him the
guest house saying she and her husband
cliff are gone most of the time and they
would feel better if there was someone
around
nick realizes that someone is playing
the piano and liv tells him that it's
her daughter
adrian nick tells her he's already met
her outside
while nick settles in adrian observes
from outside her friend cheyenne shows
up and when she asks adrian what's going
on
adrian tells her that her parents have
rented the guesthouse to some guy
she then instructs cheyenne to check him
out and after cheyenne's brief
conversation with nick
she goes back outside to report to
adrian meanwhile nick peeks through the
window and sees adrian hiding
as adrian continues to watch nick
cheyenne tells her that nick is okay
nick goes to work at peak magazine and
learns that he's already late for their
meeting
he sits in the meeting room and amy
matic asks him if he's new there to
which he says yes
when their boss michael enters the room
he chastises nick for being late
as nick starts apologizing michael tells
him that he knows who he is
he even says that nick's former
superiors describe him as an excellent
researcher with only fair writing skills
with that he asked nick to conduct
research and write an article about
robert levinsky
a man who has embezzled two billion
dollars michael also tells amy to track
nick and take pictures if they find
anything
sometime later nick calls levinski's
chauffeur and asks if he could answer
some questions for him
that night adrian shows up at the
guesthouse unannounced while nick is
working
nick invites her inside and when adrian
wants to know what he's working on
nick asks her if she's heard of robert
levinski adrian replies that levinsky is
the arbitrage guy who stole a lot of
money
and nick continues to tell her what he's
learned about him saying levinski has a
friend in nolwood
adrian takes a chair and sits beside him
and then she asks if he meant to say
love her though he's starting to feel
uncomfortable with adrian's closeness to
him
nick says yes adding that levinsky's
lover has flown to geneva six times the
previous year
eager to learn about this information
adrian suspects that stolen money must
be hidden in a swiss account
without nick's permission she takes his
tobacco and when he asks her if she's
really just 14
adrian replies that she's almost 15
before puffing a smoke
taking his tobacco back nick asks adrian
if it's already past her bedtime to
which the young girl replies
yes one day as nick is taking a shower
adrian shows up at the guest house again
adrian looks at a picture of nick and
his grandfather and asks him if she can
have it but nick says she can't since
it's the only one he has
disappointed she puts the photo back on
the table before peeking inside the
bathroom while nick is dressing up
once nick is done adrian gives nick a
pair of sunglasses and he thanks her for
them
she tries convincing him to attend her
parents party that weekend and nick
tells her he'll try before asking her to
leave
on his way to michael's office nick
realizes that there's something wrong
with his article about levinsky
he asks michael if he could go over his
work one more time but michael tells him
that the article is fine assuring him
that the editors haven't touched it
together with the photographs that amy
took michael asks his assistant to take
the article to the art department
michael gives nick a slew of compliments
calling his research excellent and his
text clean
he even commands him for having some
style confused nick just thinks his boss
then leaves
once home nick decides to attend live
and cliff's party
live greets nick and introduces him to
her husband and then they engage in
small talk
when the couple leaves nick to talk to
some of their friends he hears someone
playing the piano
after checking who it is nick finds
adrian playing beautifully
her performance blows everyone away and
they all give her a round of applause
once she's finished
nick then follows adrian as she goes
outside and when she faces him she says
that she knew he'd come
nick comments about adrian's age saying
if only she were 10 years older but
adrian doesn't let him finish
instead she asks what he'd do then but
he doesn't answer
adrian then asks him what his boss
thinks of his work and this is when nick
discovers that she rewrote his article
surprised he asks her when and how she
got inside the guest house and adrian
proudly responds
that it wasn't difficult though nick
tries telling her that she can't do that
adrian dismisses him saying that it
worked she even points out his mistakes
in the article but nick repeats that she
can't do that adding that it isn't right
upset adrian retorts that she only wants
nick to like her and when nick tells her
that he does
adrian requests that he take her for a
ride since there's a place she wants to
show him
nick is reluctant to do it though but
with adrian's begging he finally agrees
nick and adrian go to a coastal
lighthouse where adrian apologizes to
him for rewriting his article
he admits to being aware that he isn't a
great writer but he still feels bad for
being bested by a 14 year old
in an attempt to gain his sympathy
adrian points out that nick doesn't know
how hard it is for her to make friends
her parents made her skip two grades in
school and the only reason she has her
only friend cheyenne is that their
mothers went to the same college
adrian laments over how everybody thinks
she's some kind of a freak but nick
comforts her
assuring her that they can be friends
after a cheeky exchange
adrian seductively kisses nick's hand
catching him off guard
then she asks him not to be afraid of
her before nick could reply
adrian kisses him but nick pulls away
and tells her they have to go
as adrian goes to bed that night she
smiles thinking of their kiss
after some time nick is having a
barbecue with amy and some other guests
when michael visits him
he says that levinsky wants to speak
with him so he's setting up an exclusive
meeting where levinsky wants to make him
part of the deal
michael guesses that levinsky saw
something in nick's article that
impressed him then he gives nick a
bottle of wine before leaving
since nick needs some sticks for the
marshmallows amy heads to the orchard to
look for some
there she notices a wasp's nest on the
tree pushing her to move more carefully
when adrian shows up amy gets startled
she tells adrian about that bees nest
but adrian only corrects her
saying that they're wasps the girl
starts lecturing amy about the
difference between bees and wasps and
when she finishes
amy tells her that they should leave
looking at amy coldly adrian instructs
her to leave slowly
amy goes back to the barbecue party with
adrian where they see nick talking to a
beautiful girl
adrian says the girl looks like a model
before telling amy not to worry since
some guys really like girls with small
chests
offended amy leaves her and talks to
nick asking what's wrong with adrian
nick says he thought they're getting
along just fine but amy says adrian is
giving her the creeps
when nick says adrian is just a kid amy
tells him that adrian has a crush on him
but he brushes it off he then checks his
phone messages and he plays one from
adrian with her saying that she's
thinking of him and that she wants him
to call her
after hearing adrian's message amy
knowingly reminds nick that he needs to
be the adult here and that he can't blur
the line
while working nick receives a call from
adrian asking him if he missed her
she then asks him what he's doing then
playfully informs him that she just got
her period
while talking to adrian nick asks her if
she took his picture with his
grandfather but adrian denies it
asking him why she would do that unsure
if adrian is telling the truth
nick ends the call he goes to adrian's
house to look for her and when he
doesn't see her
he starts wandering inside nick finds
adrian's room but she's nowhere to be
seen
he looks at her pictures and on the bed
nick finds a heart-shaped pillow with
both their initials embroidered on it
suddenly nick hears the sound of running
water and when he looks out the door
he sees adrian getting ready to take a
shower left with no other choice
nick hides inside her closet and when
adrian comes in she starts undressing
in the closet nick accidentally makes a
sound and as she realizes that nick is
hiding there
adrian finishes taking off her clothes
before finally facing his way
with her whole body exposed adrian
slowly ties up her hair and with a smirk
she finally goes to the bathroom nick
then quietly leaves her room
but he runs into cliff at the front door
when cliff asks why he's there
nick says he just returned a book to
adrian cliff asks nick to help him carry
his boxes to the attic and once there
he sees a carousel that cliff's been
trying to restore cliff says they were
supposed to turn the whole attic into a
play room for adrian but she never took
to it
as cliff continues talking about his
daughter a bathrobe clad adrian shows up
startling nick cliff tells her that
they're just talking about her and nick
excuses himself
when nick sees adrian in the swing he
approaches her and asks if they can talk
with adrian's attention on him nick
tells adrian that he likes her and
adrian
responds in kind by saying she likes him
too however
nick clarifies that he only likes her as
a friend then reminds her of their
14-year age difference
despite his efforts to make their
boundaries clear adrian ignores him
forcing nick to stop her from swinging
so he can promise her that he will
always be her friend
as nick turns to leave adrian innocently
brings up the night they kissed
stopping nick in his tracks he insists
that it was a mistake but when adrian
questions if sneaking into her closet to
watch her undress was a mistake too
nick couldn't even bring himself to
answer her again nick turns his back on
her but adrian asks if he's ever slept
with a girl with no experience before
teasing him about knowing that he wants
to
furious nick desperately tells her that
she's too young for him and nothing's
going on between them while an
unbothered adrian only snickers and
continues swinging
one day nick shows amy has newly
restored car but he is surprised to see
that it's been vandalized
at the forester's residence nick tells
adrian's parents about his suspicion
that their daughter defaced his car
unfortunately they don't believe him
especially since he didn't actually see
adrian do it
in the middle of their conversation
adrian enters the room and when her
father straight up asks her if she
scratched up nick's car
she innocently denies it and leaves
outside cheyenne tells nick that she
needs to talk to him about adrian
then asks him to meet her in the back of
the orchard later unknown to them
adrian is watching from her window at
the stables adrian tells her friend to
dress up while she takes care of her
horse
cheyenne then thanks her and as soon as
she's gone adrian loosens cheyenne
saddle on her horse
during their practice cheyenne falls off
her horse injuring herself from show
jumping
as everyone gathers around cheyenne to
help her adrian coldly asks cheyenne if
she's okay before she's taken away
that night nick waits for cheyenne at
the orchard but she doesn't show up
when nick decides it's finally time to
leave he is startled to see adrian
standing there
adrian confronts nick about her friend
asking if he likes cheyenne but nick
ignores her question
adrian then informs nick that cheyenne
is at the hospital due to a riding
accident
when he asks if cheyenne is okay adrian
replies that she will be
when adrian starts walking away she
tells nick that it just goes to show
that one can never be too
careful one time nick comes home with
amy as
nick stays in the car to get the
groceries adrian asks amy if she's ever
been out to the lighthouse which is
known for being a makeup place
adrian makes a sly remark about nick
taking her there before then mocks amy
about how he might take her there some
time
too irritated amy goes inside the guest
house and when adrian greets nick as he
walks up the stairs
he just ignores her at work nick is
telling his colleagues about his meeting
with levinsky when samantha calls him to
inform him that his file is blank
nick supposes that he brought the wrong
file so he heads back home to check
at home he finds that the files on his
disk are all gone he calls amy to tell
her that adrian messed everything up
then asks her to cover for him at work
when she agrees nick promises that he'll
be out of there for good as soon as he
finishes rewriting his article
after ending the call nick notices a
floppy disk that is half hidden under
the carpet
he picks up the disc and lifts the
carpet where he finds a secret trapdoor
nick opens it and goes inside and there
he finds a shrine filled with lit up
candles
love letters from adrian and one photo
of him this only pisses him off
so nick nails the trapdoor shot over the
next few days
adrian continuously calls nick but nick
keeps ignoring her
he painstakingly works on his article
while his answering machine receives
messages from adrian nonstop
nick also makes sure to have his locks
at home replaced and at work nick
finally submits his rewritten article
after that nick starts looking for
another place to stay informing the
landlady that he wants to move in that
week
when he gets home nick starts packing up
his stuff then amy shows up to tell him
that she's glad he's moving
they then start talking about work and
dating and before they know it they're
already kissing
in her room adrian cries as nick still
won't return her calls
that night adrian sneaks inside the
guest house again and stands at the foot
of the bed as she watches nick and amy
sleep
feeling like something's wrong nick
suddenly wakes up and bolts upright
looking around the house he then goes
out to see if there's anyone there but
he only sees adrian from their window
savagely chopping lemons shocked nick
asks her what she's doing
and adrienne tells him she's making
lemonade before asking if he wants some
amy runs into adrian the following day
as she leaves nick's place
she's about to get in her car when
adrian indirectly asks her if she slept
with nick
fed up with adrian's attitude amy tells
her that one day when she's all grown up
with a real relationship
she'll realize that her feelings for
nick were just a crush in retaliation
adrian retorts that she wishes to be as
smart as amy when she grows up to avoid
an argument
amy just tells adrian to go play before
driving away one day
while amy is working in her dark room
adrian locks her and releases wasps into
the vents
there she sees that one of the photos is
of adrian's which confuses her
but when the wasps swarm inside amy
quickly starts panicking
and she ends up breaking a window before
passing out nick learns about amy's
accident from michael and as they talk
adrian enters the guest house without
his permission trying to interrupt nick
to tell him about her competition
once nick is done talking to michael
adrian innocently asks him what happened
after nick lets her know she sympathizes
with him and holds his hand but nick
pulls his hand away and gets suspicious
at adrian's horse riding competition
adrian gets deeply disappointed when
nick doesn't show up
she then takes a cab and goes to
michael's event where she slaps nick and
causes a scene
humiliated nick drags her away from the
guests and pushes her against a wall
warning her to stay away from him
ignoring him adrian kisses him and
professes her love for him but nick just
rejects her advances
adrian gets mad and starts throwing a
fit repeatedly hitting nick while
screaming
everyone is now looking at them and as
adrian tries to kiss nick again
he pushes her away and calls her
pathetic nick goes straight to the
apartment he was supposed to move into
but the landlady says adrian told her
that he is a drug dealer
nick is then forced to go home where he
is arrested for assaulting adrian
while the cops take him away nick sees
adrian with her parents with a girl
looking frail while crying
cliffhand tries hitting nick but the
cops managed to keep him away
when nick gets a better view of adrian
he sees that she is covered with bruises
at the hospital adrian starts making up
a story about how nick assaulted her and
they all believe her
meanwhile at the police station nick
recounts how adrian used to stalk him
then asserts that they should lock her
up the detectives don't believe him and
they then tell nick that they found a
seat inside of her
with that they take him to jail later
michael bails him out
and nick learns that the seed found
inside of adrian matches his blood type
and that he's not allowed to go near
their house
nick still maintains his innocence
insisting that adrian must have stolen a
used contraceptive from his trash but
michael doesn't believe him
as nick gathers his things that night
cheyenne visits him and tells him about
a guy named rick who adrian had a crush
on
cheyenne says he was their camp
counselor who died from poisoning
finally she reveals that adrian is
knowledgeable about such things
including wasps she then informs nick
about adrian's diary in her bedroom
which might help clear his name and nick
says he'll tell his lawyers about it
as cheyenne leaves she secretly goes
into adrian's house thinking it must be
empty
while nick continues his packing he
hears a sound coming from adrian's house
and when he checks it out he realizes
that the sound is from upstairs
in adrian's room nick sees her bed
filled with lit up candles an apology
letter and his photo with his
grandfather which has been defaced
adrian then shows up at the doorway
holding a wooden tool while crying
when nick asks where cheyenne is adrian
only gets more upset
saying she came back to the house for
him nick ignores adrian and continues
looking for cheyenne
and as he walks in the hallway adrian
starts hitting him with a wooden tool
nick tries fighting back but adrian
manages to push him over the wooden
railings
adrian goes down to check on nick saying
it's so sad to end that way
but before she could hit him again cliff
suddenly arrives adrian quickly runs
upstairs while cliff tries opening the
door and as nick manages to get up and
go to the attic he finds cheyenne gagged
and bound on the carousel
meanwhile cliff manages to break into
the house and while nick tries to help
cheyenne
adrian starts attacking him again nick
attempts to subdue adrian and when cliff
arrives he tackles nick
forcing adrian to knock her father
unconscious nick goes back to helping
cheyenne and when adrian tries attacking
him again
nick finally stops her by punching her
in the face later on
adrian gets confined in a psychiatric
hospital where she continues writing
letters for nick
adrian's doctor checks on her and tells
her that she's making great progress
before reminding her to attend their
afternoon session
meanwhile amy brings nick the letters
from adrian and he is surprised to see
how many there are
back at the psychiatric hospital
adrian's just finished having a session
with her doctor
she goes back to her room and takes out
a photo of him and his wife then glares
at it
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching